Docs 7695 pm 2.3 troubleshooting enhancements mc (#82)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/ts-failed2deploy-no-capacity.adoc

= Failed to deploy: You cannot deploy this message flow because there is not enough capacity in this environment to deploy this message flow.
You need x.x more vCores

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

== Cause

> You do not have sufficient vCore capacity to deploy the applications in order to support the message flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not have sufficient vCore capacity to deploy the applications that support the message flow.
```

> == Solutions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Solution
```

> * Contact your MuleSoft Platform Administrator to review the vCore allocation for your business group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Contact your MuleSoft Platform Administrator to review the vCore allocation for your business group. If vCores are added, wait at least 15 minutes before attempting deployment.
```

> * Allow 15 minutes after the vCores are added to your business group before redeploying.

Reviewer: See above; not really two list items but one action and result.
